and welcome back to a fresh episode the
business growth show I'm your host Sam
Dunning co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com
and if you haven't done so yet check out
our weekly email where I share
actionable website and B2B marketing
tips useful podcasts free goodies and
much more each and every Monday to kick
off your week with a bang why not give
it a shot over at businessgrowth dot
email
so join me today I've got Vanda you're a
set Vanda is the demand gen manager over
Iranian and a warm welcome to the show
how you doing thank you I'm good you
doing well yeah doing well this fine
Monday I'm looking forward to chatting
with you Vanda we're talking about a
fresh and unique topic for the show
we're talking about creating B2B demand
but not just anywhere we're talking
about specifically for creating it in
developing in Frontier countries
so let's not beat around the bush as we
rarely do let's jump straight in
I want to know Vander in your in your
opinion your thoughts what is the
importance of demand generation right
now in the the B2B world
so I would say it's really kind of key
to growth
um I think us as marketers we were
looking at marketing for a long long
time as kind of support function and I
believe with the whole creating demand
kind of
I would say a story that we started and
the revolution we started uh we are
getting more connected to actually
produce Revenue uh I think marketing as
such is being looked at as you know is
an equal
um to sales which I think it's basically
contributing to all the company's
success
um and I'm happy to be in this process
to be honest I'm happy to kind of see
the benefits I see the success and I'm
happy to to be in a company where we are
basically
creating Revenue with our marketing
efforts yeah yeah yeah yeah good stuff
and just in your opinion I don't want to
dive too too deeply into this because we
have covered it on previous episodes but
what would you say is the importance Van
Der
um when comparing capturing existing
demands so people that are aware they
have a problem or they need your service
or your product they're aware they
actually have something they need to fix
or something they need to improve and
kind of capturing that market as opposed
to creating fresh demand building demand
demand generation where you're trying to
get in front of prospects or perhaps
never heard of your company educate them
whether that's through different forms
of media podcasts videos communities you
name it and getting raising awareness
when the time comes and they do have a
problem you fix then being the the
company that's front and mind do you
would you say there's a split in your
opinion that B2B companies should focus
X percentage on each or X importance of
each right now
I think it's really about the balance
um I think the companies tend uh
naturally go into the mode let's let's
just like capture the existing demand uh
I think it's just natural that comes to
us to find the people who are actually
searching for us in this moment so we
kind of neglect in a way the part of
creating demand uh but if you look at it
from the Strategic point of view of what
you would actually have to be doing I
think you know creating demand should be
a part of your long-term strategy
without that basically you're you're
losing uh but you should be also very
much focused on capturing the existing
demand so it's it's all about the
balance I would say
yeah and I suppose also it depends like
what stage or what category your
company's in like if your company's in a
mature sector or an established category
then I suppose it just makes sense to
capture that market demand that's
already out there
um whereas if you're starting something
completely fresh I suppose you have no
no option but to create create new
demand raise awareness waste brand for
for your category and position yourself
as the go-to I suppose
correct correct
um yeah definitely I mean for us for our
company where we are at we have an
existing category but
I would say it's pretty hard to find
people who are actually
searching for your solution I think
naturally and I'll speak about it maybe
more later but sure
um being more in a traditional kind of
sector of banking and basically selling
the solution in the more like Frontier
and Emerging Markets it's a bit
different story uh because what we
notice is that you know people who are
managing those type of companies and we
are talking about like
smaller kind of size financial
institutions
um institutions that are more
traditional and being digital digitized
for them they don't see the problem uh
at the beginning they don't see that you
know having manual processes you know
doing things even on paper that that's a
problem uh because it's the way that
have they have been doing that so far uh
so for them it's and for us it's more
about you know creating demand and
making sure that they see that there are
better ways to do it and to make them
basically uh problem aware I think
that's kind of the key that we are kind
of having a challenge with because they
are not so proactively searching
um we can see that for example from you
know like going to Google search and
trying to find Solutions like ours these
are not big volumes uh so we are aware
that we need to kind of shift shift
their mindset based yeah yeah and would
you say so we're going to go through
your your breakdown of how everyone
tuning in can learn to create demand for
developing countries but would you say
that that is the main
difference when it comes to
trying to build demand for developing
country as opposed to one that's not
um is it is it lack of awareness or
there are a number of different things
that are differentiators that you should
bear in mind yeah um that's that's a
good question I would say that in
general when we're talking about like
Frontier markets and Emerging Markets
what we see is actually
a big technology boom and I think it's
being just you know happening for the
last decade and there is more and more
companies uh opening up in those markets
designing services and products for
those markets specifically so that's
really happening there and there are
like many like fintech hubs for example
in Africa I know Lagos is one of them so
like there are many companies really
doing that but when it comes to those
markets and more traditional kind of
sectors as they say more kind of
connected to banking then we have
challenges with the mindset towards the
technology because there is really what
we see is you know companies that are
dealing with
mostly outdated ways of working or
Legacy systems
um and it's really hard for us to to
shift that mindset because
um you know changing a core banking
system because that's what we are
offering that that's a big thing it's
not just plug and play it's not just
like you press the button and it's done
yeah
people see it as a painful process
because it's a process that needs a lot
of Education internally you know the
whole change management kind of thing
um there is a process of implementation
so you know having all that in mind and
and shifting towards a new and better
technology Still Still is a challenge
for those countries
I can imagine
um and it's it's like you say even even
in non-developing countries like the the
mindset I suppose is not that much
different people don't wake up B2B exact
don't wake up and decide that they're
going to spend thousands tens of
thousands hundreds of thousands on these
kinds of softwares or Technologies or
offers it's something that even with
today's marketing it's got to be
nurtured over time you've got to build
that brand but I imagine I mean what's
that what's the technology difference
Vander because it like our disposal for
example we can utilize communities we
can utilize paid search we can utilize
things like LinkedIn ads
um we can utilize podcasts all these
different mediums to build up our brand
and essentially get in front of our
Target prospects our Target buyers and
the channels they like to hang out in so
when they eventually might have a
problem we fix we're top of mind but is
there a big technology Gap would you say
um for these countries or do they use
most of the tech that we're into
well if we are talking about channels
that you mentioned now so like talking
about more from the marketing
perspective where we want to say catch
and engage these people I would say
there is not much difference
um maybe it depends on type of markets
what type of I don't know social social
media is more uh utilized it you know in
that market or the way they like to
consume the content so we notice for
example just like looking at the
cultural differences for some markets
they like to you know re and be prepared
and and do their own research while for
others for example let's say in African
markets we notice that people are much
more active at at the beginning they're
already like full of questions they are
ready to come to you and and be educated
by you directly so there is there is
kind of difference in the way yes they
engage with the content uh but Channel
wise yeah I mean Market by market there
might be slight differences but in
general way of Technology where they are
um quite similar quite similar
gotcha gotcha so with that said let's uh
let's dive straight in what are the
first considerations if we are wanting
to build demand for our company our
brand our offering and ultimately
position our our business as the the
go-to for for our sector what's what's
the first thing that we should consider
before we jump straight in yeah
definitely the first thing you need to
consider is you know who is your
audience and that's the key
um I think in any type of businesses in
any Market you have to start with your
customer or your prospect
um for example if I would just put the
difference with the frontier and
Emerging Markets you need to kind of
take that landscape in an environment
into the consideration but it's all
about engaging and finding who are the
audience uh you want to actually uh
engage with so starting with them it's
all about understanding basically
what their problems are I think the
first thing is like to understand what
their struggles are in those markets in
those environments
um for example we are into microfinance
so we want to understand those type of
problems
um we want to understand on a general
company level what are the challenges
and what are the goals but also going
later deeper understanding for the
people in those companies
um and also their personal kind of pain
points and personal challenges and
personal goals
um what we need to understand as well is
like when we have the audience we need
to understand how they actually engage
in the process of of finding a solution
do they do it practically or do they do
it when they really see a need and a
problem that they cannot go after so
they cannot resolve
um so trying to understand the whole
dynamic Dynamic around this audience
and how they research and what problems
they are they have I think it's also
important to have the conversations to
see what type of
influencers are in those communities
what we notice as well is that is we are
in microfinance these institutions are
very much connected to each other so
they have their own for example
um community-led kind of events and and
Gatherings so for that it's really
important that we are present there and
that we understand what's happening in
those communities so going back to who
is your audience you need to understand
also the community environment around it
I think it's very crucial because if
they don't go which I mentioned before
if they don't go to for example Google
search to search about core banking
system they will see what their you know
Neighbors in their Community are doing
and literally it's that if they see you
know there is a
company a bank a financial institution
like theirs in those communities using
something similar or using our solution
they will start actually thinking about
it so they don't go maybe necessarily
from the need itself to seeing a problem
but if they see that other people are
using it there might be a consideration
happening in you know in in time
so it's all about yeah getting the
understanding who you're talking to
there's a lot to break down there but
that's a that's just certainly a great
start so knowing your audience now any
tips does this in terms of kind of
nailing down ideal client profile is
this much the same that you do in a
normal situation are we talking about
things like
looking at our existing customer base
we're talking about the prospects that
we think kind of have problems that we
fix so we're talking about
um
kind of talking to kind of Target
clients things like that or is there a
bit more to it Vander I mean I'd like to
know kind of a brief idea of maybe what
you did at your organization when it
comes to nailing down kind of client
profile
yeah so for us it's uh basically talking
with our customers I think that's the
first and the best source of information
you can get if you have already
customers I think definitely go to them
and talk to them
um here we learned a lot because
basically from those type of information
from their side where we understand you
know how they came to us and why they
chose us
um you know not the the competition this
is the learning we we got and it helped
us shape our kind of positioning in
those markets and understanding what
actually this audience needs uh so it's
definitely talking to them
um but yeah there are cases for example
you know we're looking now at more
markets and we don't have customers
there so what you should be doing is
basically trying to reach your prospects
and trying to reach prospects not in a
way that they're trying to sell them
instantly and that comes naturally
sometimes but I think the point is just
to try to have
you know basic conversation of
understanding you know how they're doing
their business what type of solutions
they're using right now
um how they make decisions
um the hierarchy in those companies
um I think you know if you kind of write
up
questions you know a questionnaire of 15
to 20 questions and start engaging with
your prospects in a way which is
literally I want to learn about your
business
um I think that would be an awesome
start basically yeah yes that's always
the tricky one right isn't it because
it's I mean I say it's easy it's not
that easy even to talk to your existing
customers sometimes because from my
experience not everyone just wants to
jump on a zoom core video call at their
women cool
um just doing that with existing clients
is sometimes difficult enough and then
when it comes to actually interviewing
prospects that are almost cold
that that in itself is quite a tricky
Mission
um I've found so yeah any any tips for
kind of perhaps feel free to use your
own organization in terms of how you
went about kind of identifying who are
this this target audience we want to
reach out to and then nailing down
things like that their frustrations
their problems and kind of using those
to to your advantage
yeah
um one of the tips would be definitely
um for example is we are talking more
about you know Frontier Emerging Markets
yeah um it's the community and these
communities usually also have
associations uh in our cases wherever we
are looking at whichever markets we are
looking at we find this type of
associations which are basically
community-led
associations and there there is a gold
of information you can find about these
institutions and basically how
they're doing their business and what
are their challenges you know looking at
the whole Community what they struggle
with uh what they want to improve where
they want to go in the future their
future plans their short-term plans even
so I think that's kind of a good place
to go at the beginning to search for
that type of information
and it's also good if you have a good
relationship with the locals Association
then it's much easier to actually find
this type of prospect you want to talk
to because you already have an
introduction there
um and then these type of Institutions
are more open actually to give you and
give you their time I think that's
actually you know the hardest thing to
get their time uh but yeah like if you
if you look at it from the perspective
that you want to engage with the local
kind of
um Gathering then I think local
associations would be a good start yeah
yeah yes that's good advice
um
yeah I think that that covers off that
that point pretty much is there anything
else that we should consider when it
comes to actually I know you talked
about that prospects were perhaps seeing
the solution in play for perhaps did you
say competitors or similar companies and
then for example they would see that
they were using your solution and then
inquire about it can you tell us a bit a
little bit more about that
yeah definitely
um we see that more and more especially
in the markets where we have already a
good and a solid customer base
um we see that as much as we are like
entering that market and getting more
customers the inquiries go up as well
naturally
um I think what's interesting is that as
these institutions as I said are
positioned in some kind of regional way
and they have their kind of local uh
communities in those ways we can see
that they discuss various type of
problems and they do touch upon the
problems that we solve
um and in those scenarios when our name
is mentioned there is always people
asking you know what is this company
about what they you know how they're
helping you uh you know how did you
reach those numbers always it's because
you have a partner named this and this
so they're very keen on having those
conversations sometimes there's like
super open and you know sharing
everything that you know we are helping
with because for example in our case
scenario we're trying to really partner
with those institutions so if in those
communities there is a good word about
us naturally there will be more
inquiries and we can see that actually
and we can prove that when we see you
know from the regional kind of
perspective view if we see more kind of
names coming from one region we can
assume why that why that is happening
yeah and when you mention community so
these tend to be a mix of in-person
events or Gatherings as well as like
digital like slack and such like yeah
it's more to be honest it's more
personal and in person right so uh I
mean when covet came these communities
went digital but it's really obvious
it's not so natural to them they were
all super happy I saw some of the latest
event images and videos they're super
excited to be like in person again uh so
yeah they tend to really have this um
you know in-person kind of conversations
they feel more comfortable they feel
more open discussing in that way
um and yeah it's something that we are
also trying to be a part of
nice yeah I need to get myself to some
SASS and uh B2B marketing event soon
because I feel like I'm missing out I
literally haven't been to haven't done
an event in years so um yeah excited to
do that kind of stuff because literally
all in front of my camera at the moment
so yeah that'll be cool all right so
that we've gone into that into some
detail so that's great founder we talked
about knowing your audience once we have
nailed this stage what comes next
yeah when you kind of have this whole
image you know who are you talking to
who is your audience there are problems
in general there are problems you know
layered down
um I think it's important then to step
back and think how is my my solution
helping them so I know what their
troubles are am I really helping them
and in which ways and it's trying to
kind of match you know one image next to
each other and see in which ways we can
actually convey the messages to towards
that audience so they actually get it
and understand it so sometimes I say
like to speak the same language and it's
not like literally about the language
it's really you know making sure that
the way that you're you know sending out
your messages that are that they are
really being understood
um as I said like examples of that
um we had cases in some markets where we
notice people are not so keen on reading
things it's more about visual things or
video kind of things
um so for them that was that was a good
way to consume messages they felt more
comfortable
um so I think it's really important to
understand that concept as well
sometimes we go you know overhead and
think like oh we need to educate we need
content and then we're like building
that for weeks and it's like you know 10
pages or something but you need to be
aware of you know if your audience is
more keen to having you know shorter you
know messages from time to time or they
prefer really you know watching a
two-minute video or even having an
in-person event that's that's the path
you need to follow you cannot just
assume things and do things because you
feel that's the right way
um you need to really understand you
know where your audience is with that
yeah yeah not working off assumptions
actually working off the information
that you're Gathering from your idol
clients aka the people that are going to
buy your stuff not your c-suite
um yeah going by what the real people
that are going to buy a product actually
want and care about yeah that's that's
smart now
I appreciate this is going to vary
from organization to organization but
are there any is there a process that
you'd like to put in place
when it comes to nailing down this this
stage to how is my solution actually
helping them because you mentioned kind
of talking the same language which I'm
guessing feel free to correct me you
mean by actually using the words that
kind of Target clients use kind of
putting Media or messaging in front of
people that they actually care about
seeing
um
now is there a strategy you like to do
when it comes to this because I know you
mentioned it might be quite a lot of
in-person events or is it just a case of
kind of setting something up and seeing
how it goes or is there a case if I will
put out ads on LinkedIn and see how that
goes for x amount of time and we'll do
an event and we'll do this is there a
play that you recommend so it's not more
of a hitting hope or a guessing strategy
is there like a strategy that you
recommend yeah I think the part there
should be a strategy but there should be
also a bit of experimentation I think it
should be kind of a mix of both in a way
but the best way I would say is to start
you know if you did your part one right
which is basically trying to understand
your audience trying to gather this
information as I mentioned like you know
are there any in-person events
um which is the social media channel
they prefer do they search on Google you
know these are the things that you can
find out from them and if you kind of
start with that that's already a good
you know step in building your your
further strategy of how you're going to
convey those messages and what is the
best way to convey those messages so if
you kind of start with that you have
still space to explore other channels
and you can test out things and see what
works and definitely you will you know
have some Miss but
um I think it's important just to kind
of do things from perspective of
understanding your audience not saying
you know like oh our competition is on I
don't know Instagram so we'll just do
the same yeah it's not about that it's
really like getting the words from your
audience first and then second trying to
put that in action and trying things
that you think
could work for them
um and being maybe a bit more careful in
a way testing out you know from you know
creatives to the language to the length
of the text to the visual part I think
it's um it should be always a bit about
the testing yeah
have you got an example of where you've
leveraged a customer problem
or a prospect problem and then put it
into a piece of media or a messaging or
something like that uh kind of build up
demand or how you've basically take it
transform that process of understanding
your audience and then utilizing that
into
a piece of content a piece of media
messaging whatever it might be
um
or how or how you think people should do
it yeah I I have one example that comes
to my mind which is kind of specific but
it was a really interesting Insight we
got
um so for example as I said our our
audience for our business is more of a
traditional kind of ways uh the things
in in a way they're doing things in more
manual way or more let's say an old
school way uh so for them some things
last and they last you know for days to
be more concrete for example companies
that we are engaging with do financial
reporting that can last you know like a
week time to create you know one report
and what we do with our solution we
basically you know cut that that time by
like I don't know 95
um and what was interesting for example
getting uh the information from the
ground how much time they're actually
you know spending on this manual
processes
that actually these people are even
staying over time to to do those things
so they're not going home and on time
they're like you know finishing their
reporting Thursday Friday they stay I
don't know until seven eight pm to
finish that and that's kind of normal
for them and what was interesting that
you know when you kind of shift their
mind and and show them their Solutions
where they don't have to do that they
can just go home in a normal regular
hours and they can speed up that process
do it you know in five minutes
um it's it blows their mind literally
like and and what's beautiful about it
is that they see it not only as a
professional benefit you know I was
going to save time and do it in a few
minutes it's also like I can go home on
time like that's that's a big change
that's awesome because you've taken it
from a business case to emotional case
as well yes yes correct and I think when
we started kind of conveying those type
of messages which say you don't really
have to you know spend your days at work
you can go home on time and especially
if we're talking about Frontier and
Emerging Markets so Asia and Africa
those people spend hours in traffic so
hours so imagine like staying at work
till I don't know seven and then you
know driving home for two hours it's
crazy so like if you cut those time they
actually have more time to spend with
their families and yeah it's like as you
said it's a professional benefit but
also very personal in a way and that
kind of how you can actually shift shift
their minds that's like the magic of
marketing and sales right being able to
put across something that you can
justify both logically and emotionally
if you can put that case across then
providing that your solution actually
fits the buyer's needs then you're
almost guaranteed to win the deal if you
can get the execs on board with that
kind of buy and that's yeah that's
powerful stuff cool
um so in terms of
this is a tricky one again appreciate
it's going to vary from situation
situation but in terms of kind of demand
gen plays is there like if we're putting
media out on LinkedIn kind of with these
kind of messaging that we've talked
about if we're running in person events
and the place is the the conferences or
the communities that we know that our
Target buyers are attending
um is it like a time frame in which that
we should run these things to
see if they're a success or not
in terms of kind of we should do it for
x amount of months or even years or any
recommendations there
well I I think I mean is there anything
that should do I don't think you should
you know try it three times and stop and
say you know this is not working I think
you need to take time whatever that is
um in marketing
um in our case scenarios for example
what you now mentioned in-person events
as well
um it's harder to you know justify
success of an event or to describe it
you know because we had questions in the
past as well like you know how many
leads or you know how much we move the
needle with an event and I think it's
important to understand why you do
things and what what do you expect as as
a success out of the things that you're
doing so I think for the for something
like in-person events I think they're
very valuable and I think we need to
understand that they are contributing
more to creating demand and actually
capturing demand so if we say if we go
back to the beginning of our
conversation where I said that creating
demand should be a part of the strategy
should be a long-term part of the
strategy I think events should be
definitely there maybe it's just a
matter of tweaking and understanding you
know what's the best for your company at
those events for example for us it's
like we definitely want to have a we
have we want to speak at those events we
want to have a chance to you know
Express who we are and what we are doing
and how we are helping but we also want
to have a booth we want to be you know
in a physical way you know approachable
for the people who are there so I think
it's just a matter of understanding you
know where you're going with those
activities you know what type of
activities contribute to what type of
metrics
um and then tweaking that on the way
got a bit of a different question
um because I'm certainly a noob when it
comes to in-person events like
everything most of the stuff we talk
about on this show is relative to
digital especially on my solo episodes
now when it comes to in-person events
you mentioned that your company likes to
do a talk
um when it comes to conference as well
as having an in-person booth
how do you leverage these things that
we've discussed when it comes to like I
can see and feel free to share ideas
here how you do it when it comes to
around doing a talk
um I've got some ideas but it might be
interesting to see how you do it but how
do you do it and you've got a booth like
do you just have a sign on the booth
saying this is the problem we fix and
like this is how our solution fixes it
or what how do we leverage these
insights that we've gained uh-huh
um well as you said there is always a
bit and a part that it's kind of digital
and it's building the story even before
the event uh we don't like to come to
events as you know like we just land and
and here we are and look at us uh it's
not about that I think what we're trying
to do is making sure that we're building
this story before we're trying to
understand who is the audience at those
events uh how we can have the
conversations even before the event and
then maybe have more like personal kind
of networking thing at the event itself
um so it's kind of mixer of digital and
offline activities that we are doing but
we prefer that if we have a booth we
prefer that people are coming to us
because they know who we are and what
they what we do
um and that's kind of important for us
we we see of course there are people
that come by your booth and ask you know
what is this company about but we what's
important for us and how we are building
our stories to make sure that the
audience that it's important for us
knows our brand even before and when
they see that we are present at the
event to tell that they're feeling more
comfortable to approach us and talk
about their problems yeah yeah yeah so
not not just showing up at the event and
hoping for the best to actually
preparing beforehand
um doing things in the background to
make sure the audience is aware of the
company okay
and any tips when it comes to the
speaking side of things is there
anything that your team or whoever is it
yourself that would talk at events or is
it like the CEO or does it vary and
anything that they like to Leverage
so for us um yeah usually it's the CEO
he's like a really good uh really good
motivator and really good uh talker so
he's the person who is kind of uh
speaking for us at the events
um and the tip about that I would say
that what we are trying to do is make
sure that we have like a main message
for that particular event
um so if we say you know this is the
main thing we want to make sure our
audience knows at this particular event
then we're trying to make sure that it
conveys through the words of our CEO
through that presentation
um through the booth and the
conversations with the people that are
you know being edible and we are also
trying
in some cases to do some kind of side
events as well and again making sure
that we have the Right audience and that
we are pushing out the right message in
the right way so
um I think you know having events and
being at the events it's really
you know is a person who even goes to
the events you get so many messages
across you know it's a day or two kind
of things where so many things are
happening and you lose them
um what we are trying to do is making
sure that there is like
one top of the Mind message we want
everyone to hear for this type of event
and then just making sure that it's you
know going throughout all channels
available at this event
good stuff I appreciate that Vanda
that's helpful now
we we touched on it a little bit
um but should these all these activities
that we've been talking about should
they directly contribute to revenue
um how do we measure the real success of
everything we've discussed
yeah so as I mentioned it really depends
on the activities and the channels
you're using
um I don't think you can connect
everything directly to the revenue in
that way as I said for example
events we you know there were questions
in the past where it would be like how
much ARR we can get from the event and
it's really hard to answer that question
because I think event is just like one
of the big touch points in the buying
Journey
um so I think it's uh it's really about
understanding as I said before of you
know what can you expect from the
activities that you are doing uh so if
we want to go back to the dimension
framework you know with the capturing
demand yes you can kind of attribute
directly you know how much err you're
getting or you know how many inbounds
you're getting from this campaign or you
know how much Google search is
contributing but
um I think it gets really you know
harder when you're talking about
something as event or just building a
good content strategy I think it's hard
to attribute uh you know is this piece
of content giving us ARR we want so
um it's it's about you know putting all
the touch points into one strategy into
one story
um and making sure that you see the
positive signals that help you
understand that you are on the right
path
um the first one yes it can be ARR it
can be the number of inbounds or mqls
sqls whatever you're tracking
um
however you want to call them but the
positive signals can be for example if
you're building demand in the markets
where you haven't been before and you're
just entering I think good ways to look
at you know increasing the organic
traffic
um or branded search so I think those
type of things can just help you a bit
to understand that yes you know there is
positive signals happening that you're
on a good path and you can just continue
doing what you're doing so in time you
see growth in all the all the parameters
parameters that you're tracking yeah
yeah that's that's what I was gonna lead
on to really because ultimately when it
comes to doing all these things
depending on the events that you're
trying to attend or the ads that you're
trying to put out or the channels you're
trying to market to in front of your
target prospects quite often they're
quite a heavy Advanced quite a
significant investment depending on the
size and the scale and how big your
target audience is so getting the the
c-suite on board and getting that
approval on the budget can often be
difficult right so I think it comes back
to what you said setting those
expectations up front and kind of
explaining that this isn't going to be a
quick hit it's going to take some time
um if you want like instant sqls mqls we
need to capture Demand with Google paid
search Google organic search reviews
sites Etc whereas this is a completely
different play this is kind of building
brand awareness over time
um and these are the kind of signals we
should that we should look out for
um whether it's those things that you
mentioned whereas it's also kind of
getting feedback from the target market
like they really enjoyed the event
they're going to bring like their
Network there next time and they're or
they're really enjoying your audio event
or they're really enjoying your video
series whatever that may be kind of
looking out for those things over time
and like you say if
that in itself is going to contribute to
to inbound and to revenue and the good
thing I suppose about demand gen is from
what I've experienced from my own side
is it can actually feel help your demand
capture so you said about kind of if
you're looking at your analytics on your
website and you're looking at your own
traffic go up if you're looking at
branded search go up and all those kind
of things but also I think
if people are constantly seeing you say
when they're doing Google search or if
they're constantly seeing your review
sites on LinkedIn and then when they go
to other channels where they go to
events and other thing places they hang
out if they're seeing you there like
you're you're constantly in front of
your your buyer so no matter the channel
they're um they're thinking of you and
you're kind of top of Mind really so all
all good points is there anything we've
not covered when it comes to the
strategist or anything we've we've
missed out of we've covered it pretty
nicely
I think we covered a lot
nothing particular comes to my mind
right now I think we went really really
deep excellent well yeah I think I think
that's it Vanessa I really appreciate
you coming on the show thanks very much
for sharing your wisdom when it comes to
building B2B demand in Emerging Markets
with that please do tell us more about
how everyone tuning in can get in touch
with you reach out to you anything you'd
like to promote to our listeners yeah
um yeah if you want to reach me you can
always reach me on LinkedIn so one day
yet you can reach me there
um and if you want to learn more about
the company and what we're doing and how
we are helping the Emerging Markets
um you can go and check oradian.com
um and hopefully yeah we'll see you
there and you can learn more about how
we do demand gen in Emerging Markets
awesome and we'll put all of those links
in the show notes at
businessgrowth.marketing and with that
Vanda thanks once again for coming on
thank you Sam which was great no worries
and as always if you enjoyed today's
episode a quick rating or review on your
audio podcast Channel goes a long way or
subscribe on YouTube is much appreciated
and with that we'll catch you on the
next one for more actionable no BS B2B
marketing tips to grow your business and
grow your Revenue cheers for tuning in